Dominion

Players each hold 5 cards 

10 different sets of cards of the 25 available

1 pile of gold - worth 6?
1 pile of silver - worth 3
1 pile of copper - worth 1

Victory points worth 1, 3, 6

start a game 
3 - 1 point victory estate cards
7 - copper cards
Total 10 cards
Shuffle and draw 5 cards
You should now have a number of copper pieces and a number of "estates"
You can now draw up to 5 cards
You can take 1 action and 1 buy - coins in your hand allow you to purchase

Russel has 3 coppers so he can purchase something for 3 points or less
Nothing showing for 3 or less apart from a silver coin which costs 3
Russel buys the silver card which is added to his deck and adds more value
Russel takes the silver card he purchased and any card he played (3 copper coins) and any cards he did not play (estate cards?) and puts them in his discard pile
Russel then draws 5 more cards

You start with 10 cards so you should go through all 10 cards in the first 2 hands.

Fred has 2 copper and 3 estate cards in his hand. Fred plays his 2 copper to buy a 2 point card.

Fred has the choice between a Moat (defence card) or a Cellar which gives an extra action and allows you to discard some cards. Fred takes the cellar as there are no attack cards showing. These all go into the discard pile (2 copper 3 estate cards and the Cellar). Basically anything you played anything you bought and anything you didn't play in your hand. Fred then draws 5 more cards emptying his hand.

Back to Russels turn. Russel should now have 4 copper cards and 1 estate card. He can now buy a card with the value of 4. Russel buys Feast which has a value of 4. Russel now discards shuffles and the turn goes back to Fred.

Fred should now have 5 copper cards. He can buy anything worth 5 points - The Mine which allows an upgrade coins. Library 5 points which allows you to extend your hand to 7 cards. Fred takes the festival which gives plus 2 actions and plus 2 coins. Fred now puts the cards in his discard pile which emptys his deck so he shuffles his cards.

Back to russel, Russel plays swaps his feast for a market. feast goes back into the game pile and market goes into russels pile. So that was his action phase. Next comes his buy phase. He has 3 copper so he buys another silver.

Fred draws his 5 cards. He has 4 copper. He can buy something for a value of up to 4. Fred buys a silver worth 3 so he has 1 left over but he can't do anything with it. So the cards are disgaurded and it returns to Russel.

Russel has a value of 5 in coins. Russel again buys a market which costs 5 agian the cards are returned to the pile.

Fred has cards worth 3 so he buys a silver. He draws another 2 and runs out of cards so he must shuffle his discarded pack and take another 3 cards. 

Russel has 3 coppers so he buys Cellar. Now cards which have been drawn stop poping up in your hand. 

Fred plays festival which gives him +2 actions and +1 buy. Fred has used 1 action playing his festival card. But festival gives him 2 more actions. For one of his actions he plays cellar which gives another action which still gives him 2 actions. Cellar allows fred to dicard any number of cards and draw that number of cards back. Fred dicards 1 card and draws another from his pile. Fred now has 3 coppers and feastival gives him +2 bonus so he has 5 total coins. Feastival also gives an extra buy so Fred has 5 cards to buy up to 2 items. Fred buys another 5 point card. 

Market allows you to draw a card.

The better cards you get the better chain reactions you build while playing your hand. 

Once you have a pile of money you can start working on buying your proviences which cost 8 points.

The game ends when you depleat 3 of the decks of cards so all the feastival, cellars and libraries have gone. Or you have depleated the 6 point deck.

Once that happens everyone counts their victory points. Player with the most vistory points wins the game. 
